[EDU-5142] fix: adjust WAF custom rules note (#1164)
aziontech/docs: src/content/docs/en/pages/main-menu/reference/secure/edge-firewall/web-application-firewall/custom-allowed-rule.mdx

| 1500    | Possible File Upload attempt: `asp/php` or `.ph`, `.asp`, `.ht` found in filename in a multipart POST containing a file.                   |

:::caution[Warning]

> Requests that fall under rules 1 to 18 might be blocked in some cases, even if the WAF is operating in *learning* mode. Read the [Rules Engine for Edge Firewall](/en/documentation/products/secure/edge-firewall/rules-engine/) documentation for the definition of learning/blocking modes. Read this guide [how to check your WAF mode](/en/documentation/products/guides/how-to-check-your-waf-mode/).

Reviewer: Na frase, a única regra em que isso se aplica, agora, é a 13.

> "Requests that fall under rule **13** will be blocked in some cases (...)"

> Requests that fall under rules 1 to 18 will be blocked in some cases, even if the WAF is operating in *learning* mode. Read the [Rules Engine for Edge Firewall](/en/documentation/products/secure/edge-firewall/rules-engine/) documentation for the definition of learning/blocking modes. Read this guide [how to check your WAF mode](/en/documentation/products/guides/how-to-check-your-waf-mode/).

Author: ```suggestion
Requests that fall under rule 13 will be blocked in some cases, even if the WAF is operating in *learning* mode. Read the [Rules Engine for Edge Firewall](/en/documentation/products/secure/edge-firewall/rules-engine/) documentation for the definition of learning/blocking modes. Read this guide [how to check your WAF mode](/en/documentation/products/guides/how-to-check-your-waf-mode/).
```
